AdmissionControllers: Rewrite PodTolerationRestriction (#18849)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers.md

### PodTolerationRestriction {#podtolerationrestriction}

> The PodTolerationRestriction admission controller verifies any conflict between tolerations of a pod and the tolerations of its namespace.

Reviewer: Is this also correct:
```suggestion
The PodTolerationRestriction admission controller verifies any conflict between tolerations of a Pod and the toleration rules for the namespace that contains the Pod.
```
?

It rejects the pod request if there is a conflict.
It then merges the tolerations annotated on the namespace into the tolerations of the pod.
The resulting tolerations are checked against a whitelist of tolerations annotated to the namespace.

> If the check succeeds, the pod request is admitted otherwise it is rejected.

Reviewer: If I have a namespace with no `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist` annotation and I try to set a toleration on a Pod, what happens?

If the namespace of the pod does not have any associated default tolerations or a whitelist of
tolerations annotated, the cluster-level default tolerations or cluster-level whitelist of tolerations are used
instead if they are specified.

Tolerations to a namespace are assigned via the `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/defaultTolerations` annotation key.

> The whitelist can be added via the `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist` annotation key.

Reviewer: Without looking at the source, this is my **guess** for a paraphrase that is also true.
```suggestion
You can whitelist a toleration for a namespace by adding it into the value of the `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist` annotation key (comma separated).
```
Have I guessed right?
